Mark appinsights as inactive (#23024)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/applicationinsights/azure-applicationinsights/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 0.1.1 (2022-02-11)

> * This package is no longer maintained. Please use https://pypi.org/project/azure-monitor-query/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This package is no longer maintained. Use the [azure-monitor-query](https://pypi.org/project/azure-monitor-query/) package instead.
```
